---
layout: post
title: Markdown
category: 工具
tags: tool
---

To be or not to be, that is the question.
To code or to date, that is the most tough question.
Here is how to use markdown(.md) based on this question.

## Headings
To create a heading, add one to six `#` symbols before your heading text. The number of `#` you use will determine the size of the heading.

# The largest heading

## The second largest heading

###### The smallest heading

## Bold
You can use `**text**` or `__text__`

**To code or to date ?** __That is the question.__

## Italic

You can use `*text*` or `_text_`

_To code or to date ?_ _That is the question._

## Strikethrough

You can use `~~text~~`

~~To code or to date ?~~   It seems to not be working here in this blog.

## Quoting text

You can quote text with a `> your quote text`.
In the words of Abraham Lincoln:

>Pardon my French

## Quoting code

You can call out code or a command within a sentence `with single backticks`, like

```
`code or command`
```

Some basic Git commands are:
```
git status
git add
git commit
```

## Lists

You can make a list by preceding one or more lines of text with `-` or `*`.

- George Washington
- Abraham lincoln
* Benjamin Franklin

You can create nested lists by indenting lines by 4 spaces.

Do not forget the `space` between `*` and `text`

1. Make my changes
    1. Fix bug
    2. Improve formatting
      * Make the headings bigger
2. Push my commits to GitHub
3. Open a pull request
    * Describe my changes
    * Mention all the members of my team
        * Ask for feedback
            * Test1
            * Test2
            - Test3

## Interesting Task Lists

You can create task lists by prefacing list items with `[ ]`. To mark a task as complete, use `[x]`.

- [x] Finish my changes
- [ ] Push my commits to GitHub
- [ ] Open a pull request
This seems to not be working.

## Ignoring Markdown formatting

Tell GitHub to ignore Markdown formatting by using `\` before the Markdown character.

Let's rename \**our-new-project\** to \*our-old-project\*.
It seems to be not working here.
